Add callouts to 1.13 docs to help users find search and actions docs (#1022)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.13.x/docs/cli/import/usage.mdx

# Import existing resources

<Note>

> The beta release of Terraform 1.14 lets you configure queries to search your existing infrastructure for resources and generate configuration to import them. Refer to the [Import existing resources in bulk](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/import/bulk) beta documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform `v1.14.x (beta)` implements a new workflow for searching existing infrastructure for resources, generating configuration, and importing them in bulk. Refer to the [Import existing resources in bulk](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/import/bulk) beta documentation for more information.
```
It might make sense to use a slightly different tact on this page.
